CA provider doc updates and Vault provider minor update (#17831)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/ca/index.mdx

- the Leaf Cert Client Agent is created by auto-encrypt and auto-config. It is used by
client agents for HTTP API TLS, and for mTLS for RPC requests to servers.

Any secondary datacenters use their CA provider to generate an intermediate certificate

> signing request (CSR) to be signed by the Primary Root CA. They receive an intermediate
> CA certificate which is used to sign leaf certificates in the secondary datacenter.
> 
> It is possible to use different providers across primary and secondary datacenters.
> For example, an operator may use a Vault CA provider for extra security in the primary
> datacenter but choose to use the built-in CA provider in the secondary datacenter which
> may not have a reachable Vault cluster. The pros and cons of both providers are listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
signing request (CSR) to be signed by the primary root CA. They receive an intermediate
CA certificate, which is used to sign leaf certificates in the secondary datacenter.

You can use different providers are permitted across primary and secondary datacenters.
For example, an operator may use a Vault CA provider for extra security in the primary
datacenter but choose to use the built-in CA provider in the secondary datacenter, which
may not have a reachable Vault cluster. The following table compares the built-in and Vault providers.
```
I don't "primary root" is a proper noun, is it? Also trying to use more active voice and commas where necessary.

## CA Provider Comparison

|            | Consul built-in                    | Vault                                                                             |
|------------|------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Security   | CA private keys are stored on disk | CA private keys are stored in Vault and are never exposed to Consul server agents |

> | Resiliency | No dependency on external systems; if Consul is available, it can sign certs | Dependent on Vault availability         |
> | Latency    | Certs are signed locally           | Cert signing operations require a network call to Vault                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Resiliency | No dependency on external systems. If Consul is available, it can sign certificates | Dependent on Vault availability         |
| Latency    | Consul signs certificates locally           | A network call to Vault is required to sign certificates                           |
```
Per style guide, we should avoid using abbreviations.
